and then please tell me kind of what
your name is or how you'd like to be
addressed and we'll do kind of a
soundcheck at the same time
I'll go first I'm Debbie
Natha thanks for having me Navi yes
awesome
welcome happy thanks for being thank you
I'm glad
Rasim but I can't yes and I can't see
you so so it's Edie
yeah maybe I'll just rejoin yeah try
rejoining cuz I I think I see me I don't
know what to do if you can't see me
okay um I'm Sinestro by the hi okay also
Nabi Laz in semestre
yeah hi Sinestro you look super nervous
sorry
no that's fine I apologize okay
so who's next hi I'm Megan Oh Maggie
nice to meet you Megan
cool oh wait hi um Cinna it's nice to
see you nice to see you too Cinna
welcome and I go by satire but you can
call me cell as well for short Celaya
mm-hmm did I say that right yeah you
said that right okay okay and then last
can you see us now okay so it was it was
Navi is that right yes so Navi lies
Sinestro Megan Sinha and celaya I got
those right okay cool so welcome
everyone and what are we talking about
today you tell us I guess so my
understanding is that you guys were
right so I use guys as a gender of
plural I mean a gender-neutral term
which is the way that I was raised and
I'm trying to rewire my neurons so I
apologize I don't mean to offend anyone
so I thought we were gonna just share
all right I was hoping we could hear a
little bit about what y'all's
experiences are like being women and
playing video games and hopefully
educate us a little bit and like learn a
little bit about what y'all's
experiences are and so if somebody wants
to start that's cool otherwise I can
kick things off with a question
a question would be great I think yeah
so what's it like to be a woman and play
video games
challenging what's challenging about
getting attention just for being a woman
playing games is kind of more than we
asked for sometimes when we just want to
play games okay and is that something
that resonates with other people yeah I
would say like it's kind of mixed
because like sometimes they'll get
people who like treat you normally and
it's like great and then like sometimes
you get people who like treat you like
absolute [ __ ] and then like sometimes
you get people who are just like super
weird to you so what what does that mean
super weird um like they like have
certain expectations for you or like
they have like this like narrative in
their mind that they just play out
whenever they interact with a woman
online like it's like yeah oh there's a
woman let's say like go back to the
kitchen or something like it's like
execute like like a like a line of code
yeah broadly said for NPCs sometimes oh
that's a fascinating way to put it what
do you mean by that sly well kind of
like you forgot the name you go by you
can call me Megan erm use either a yeah
okay
well it's gonna say Muse um sad is like
they just play a certain thing that they
that they have joke the same jokes come
up or interaction that they think is
appropriate or is what we want to hear
when they see a woman in playing the
games yes I go ahead
well it can be from like this stupid
jokes to whatever questions or following
you with within the game or just all
kinds of things just for their
entertainment instead of treating you as
a team player or yeah you're just pretty
much an NPC and and if you don't respond
the way that they want you to respond
then they become even more toxic okay so
I heard a couple of terms there one was
toxic and you said if they don't if you
don't respond the way they want you to
respond what is it how do they want you
to respond what do they look at that's
guesting good to just like get along
with them and just hope that like oh my
gosh like the like she's she's finally
responding to me like oh my gosh like
finally I can you know get what I want
which is you know because I know it's
just like I guess some people have like
this like mindset in their head that
like if I don't play a nice guy cuz a
nice guy finishes last if I be like an
[ __ ]
definitely she'll get my attention you
know so okay I'm growing more and more
confused but let me just start with this
okay
so the first thing is so I asked so I
was like you know they want you to say
the right thing otherwise things
escalate right that's what I kind of
heard her say does that make sense to
you all which all kind of agree with
that yeah yeah and then my next question
is like okay what's the right thing and
she's like I don't know that sounds like
a busted game that you can yeah like
there's like only one perfect answer and
like if you don't get it then you're
just like in a world of [ __ ] now so
what's the part I'm curious what is the
perfect answer is there isn't there
isn't actually a perfect answer
no so so yeah maybe just the laugh or
just
give him attention but you never really
know how the winning move is not to play
or not to speak so that they don't know
you're a woman how does it feel to not
play or not speak
sucks
sir madam
well your dare to have fun and play the
game that you want to play in in the way
you want to play and then to be met with
a thought of like well if I speak up now
there's a 50-50 if not higher percentage
that I can't play the game that I want
to play because and the game that you
want to play is just the game that
everyone else gets to play yeah I think
too it's like really frustrating like
when you get treated unfairly and you
know you're being treated unfairly like
to just sit there and like have to deal
with it too because like a lot of times
too like you'll get stuck in a game and
it's like you can't leave it right if
it's competitive or whatever and then
you have to like deal with these people
for like at least 20 minutes like yeah
oh and then it's like you're basically
rolling the dice every time you cue into
a game so it's like an overwatch it's
like I have a 1 in 5 chance of getting
like X number of [ __ ] like cuz it
kind of depends like sometimes you'll
get one sometimes I've got none and then
the really fun times you get five of
them so I apologize for interrupting you
guys are just saying once again guys
sorry y'all are just saying things that
are really like fascinating to me in
terms of some of the assumptions I can
hear assumptions baked into everything
that y'all are saying right and and so
my period like my next question is like
what is an [ __ ] look like like what
does that mean like how do you know when
someone is an [ __ ] to you are in a
game like what do they say or what do
they do how can I get on the stream just
nothing that's gonna get us banned and
the reason that I want to ask the
question is because I sometimes wonder
if there are people out there who don't
think that they're an [ __ ]
and so I'm curious about so like when
you when y'all say that sometimes I get
five [ __ ] everyone and twitch chat
is like hahaha
those guys suck but it's not me right
that's naturally what happens when we
leave things ambiguous and what I'm
really curious about is like maybe I'm
an [ __ ] like in a video game
I don't know so I'd really like to hear
from y'all about what they will actually
like say or do and so we can like really
know what is an [ __ ] what's not an
Axl what's acceptable what's not
acceptable I think a big question
nowadays is like what's okay and what's
not okay right where do we draw the line
and so I'd love to hear from you all so
go for it Nabby
I think just avoid you know TOS banning
things like acts I don't know
I'll just blankety-blank okay hey you
blankety-blank you sound real cute I'd
love to have my blank down your blank
sorry sorry I think one of the things
that also I guess like why don't you
give me like a like a kiss why don't you
give me like a tensioner stuff like that
or like like if I'm gonna do this for
you I'm gonna help you or be actually a
team player if you know you give me your
phone number or if you give me a kiss
and everything can you kiss someone over
watch you want you to make like I didn't
know like the noise or like or like
they'll be like say whoever I like
whatever your best oh wow and what I
mean we're all smiling but what's that
what are we actually talking about why
are we smiling right now what's up with
that it's amusing because it it sounds
really funny in hindsight but it's like
it's just gross and it's hard like it's
hard to know how to react to that like
yeah yeah let me just I know you're
disgusted thinking about it in hindsight
it's all really like stupid it's really
ridiculous do you think that that has
something to do with like the fact that
we're all smiling and laughing right now
do you think that that has any I'm
trying to figure out does that have some
bearing on why it continues
normy it's like a coping mechanism okay
to laugh it off yeah and for right now
like when it's happening in the moment
most of us are not laughing yes how do
you feel when it happens in the moment
disappointed
usually because it's always the same
stuff it's
and and you can only you only have like
a certain ways you can react to it
either ignore it either play along and
you know try to convert the conversation
or poke back at them with with stupid
stuff you know the the 1i you normally
is use is can you not come up with
something original for once like make a
fun joke and yeah sometimes that turns
it completely around and then like okay
and and because I mean you know the joke
of get into the kitchen and make me a
sandwich it's so overplayed and it
doesn't technically make you an [ __ ]
it's just stupid to hear every single
time it's tiring um it doesn't make you
an [ __ ] I mean it does but online
toxicities is just a it's just a thing
that we somehow all won except that to
be a norm but I don't know so what I'm
hearing from Celaya and let me know if
you guys you know are the same thing is
that basically y'all don't even consider
that an app that being an [ __ ]
anymore because the spectrum of [ __ ]
area is so big that that's actually like
that doesn't even count anymore because
there's also stuff happening over here
there's worse for sure yeah I think to
like at a certain point it just becomes
easier to let things go then to like
address it all the time right because
like I I've done where I like try and
like be like I don't like the statement
or like I don't like this and then you
just become the person who's always
saying like no no no no no and it's like
no one like wants to be around that
person who's just like the party pooper
like it's like hmm yeah you can't take a
joke that's what it ends up is
I think also one of the things that's
also super exhausting sometimes we want
to respond but it's just like also there
is like external factors like sometimes
I I deal with harassment in real life as
well and also facing it online it's just
like alright where do I go if I face
this online and I face it's like IRL
like where where do I exactly feel safe
you know okay that sucks
like I was just thinking that you know
part of what I love about games is that
like it's the place that I go when I
don't want to be in IRL right that's
that's what it is for me it's like I'm
tired of dealing with copic let me play
some video games and what I'm hearing
from y'all is that the place that I get
to go y'all don't even get to go and
enjoy if it's single-player then yeah
I'm definitely tired of being made to
feel like I don't like belong in these
spaces when like I clearly do it's like
the the price of a mission is like the
cost of the game and like that should be
it damn powerful words and what is the
price of admission for you Megan
uh it's mainly taking a roll of the dice
like um for example like um I have games
that I bought but I don't play because
my friends have told me that I shouldn't
because people will be so rude to me
there so um the specific one I'm
thinking of is Rainbow six siege where
it's like ice like I've seen game play
and it looks so fun and I just want to
play it but I just don't want to deal
with it and I actually played my first
game like a one-game of it and they
didn't even know as a girl and like that
like wasn't a factor in this but I got
to sit and listen to this guy tell this
story about coming into a pair of Gucci
socks in my first game and I was like I
don't really want to take the chance and
also like I hear stories like where it's
like a common thing in that game for
guys to ask girl for their pee and it's
like do I really want to put up with
that just to play this game and I'm like
I don't think so
now I find myself being morbidly and
horrific ly curious when you said guys
to ask a girl for the bitter P is that a
slang term like shortage of penis or is
that urine like their urine urine
what the actual [ __ ] welcome but yeah
welcome what is it
okay so let me explain something to
y'all so I'm a psychiatrist sometimes
people come into my office and they tell
me about the sexually depraved [ __ ] that
they're into and never have I heard
anything like just bizarre like why
would you want a woman's urine off of
the internet like what are you gonna do
with that there was some meme about it
making you a better gamer so then they
would swap women from what study what
memes have some grounding in reality
right they're like something that
happens in the real world and they gets
like taken out of proportion I think it
had to do with the Bell Delphine selling
her bathwater I think it came from that
or something like that and then people
just basically did it what what is that
it's definitely that ever since of Bell
Delphine came on the internet and she
started selling you know bathwater that
she used you know do you shower herself
so many guys were something for it I
guess there she is gamer girl bathwater
okay so I don't know if this is beyond
the scope of the conversation but can
y'all please enlighten me as to what the
words that are coming out of y'all's
mouth means so first of all who or what
is a Belle Belle fiend that's a person
right yeah she's an individual yeah is
she like a streamer or she's a streamer
okay and so she started selling her
bathwater meaning though the liquid that
she pours him that she takes a bath in
yes I understand she's like a Mimi troll
so like okay so like she was trolling
and she started selling bath water and
people purchased it or was that a joke
her viewers actually purchased it people
mostly bought it but as a joke like a
lot of youtubers bought it as a joke and
they're like I bought it and then I
showed it got it okay because then my
next question is like so
guys no no no and some drink it they
drink it
you
and I just think for a second take take
your time
I tell you old story so I was around so
I have a Boomer right and now we're
gonna tell a doctor kay boomer story so
like I was around when the internet was
born and I know that's kind of a weird
thing to say but like the internet
wasn't always around like at the
beginning the internet was like a place
even before the days of the internet we
had these things called bulletin board
systems BBS's that are really cool it's
like you log into the server and only
one person can be on the server at a
time and you like play games and stuff
like that there were like turn-based
games and and like you know sometimes
people would like chat and have
discussions there'd be like forums where
you could post and stuff like that and
it just blows my mind that this is what
the internet has turned into I don't
even know what this is and also what's a
sim
I hear people use that term a lot
I could take a stab at the definition I
think it's typically a guy viewer of a
female streamer or youtuber who is the
kind of person that would like donate to
them just to hear their name be read
from the donation and that's like all
that they want to get from that
relationship like they're happy just to
have their name be read from from a
donation marker and they'll give money
to that person to have them read it okay
so now help me understand something and
I recognize that you guys may not have
answers here but maybe y'all do so like
when we think about a toxic [ __ ] that
you guys play games with and then
there's a simp are those like opposite
ends of a spectrum or the same spectrum
like that this is that the same person
or like what is the relationship there
and maybe there is huge
usually it's seen as the opposite of it
like if you defend a woman against the
bully then you're a simp okay okay I
wonder if they're the same person
interesting anyway that's just doctor
doctor Kay's gonna have to think about
that for a little while with his
Freudian hat yeah um from my
understanding for really good sim the
simp is like a person who is just like
you know let's have guys who's willing
to give 110 percent or like hundred and
forty percent of their attention and
their affection and just be super
submissive to whatever needs of the
purse like the girl that they're going
after it's like just so that they can be
in a romantic or a sexual relationship
with them that's it have you guys
encountered your own simps like if
people tried to do that to you i seal as
nodding emphatically mm-hmm care to
share lassen it's sometimes it's like
the guy that is offensive towards you in
the game
and then you have a good comeback or you
just like stop him from like that
behavior or that you say something that
he knows that he can't [ __ ] with you
like he can't mess with your head
so then he slides into your DMS and he's
like I'm sorry I'm not actually like
that and then like and then he's like
he's nice and like he's okay and then
like two days later he's being weird to
use again so you guys all have once
again hit that part where I was
following what you're saying and then
you use some words and it seems like
your colleagues understand exactly what
you're talking about but can you all
educate the rest of us like what does
that mean then he starts being weird
are we talking about blankety-blank sand
blankety-blank sar we talking about
bathing or drinking your urine we talked
like what are we talking about here
generally appropriateness is like what's
that what's that what does that look
like I would say
while the stuff that we've mentioned is
for one but also they want to get
something out of you usually so and this
could spend from indeed like two days a
week a month five months a whole year
that you never really know and it just
interactions where they they do stuff
for you and they want something back and
then they suggest something
inappropriate and that could be straight
up asking for nudes that could be more
subtle stuff at first but yeah usually
it involves something romantic or
sexually hmm you know that's bizarre so
like because I remember you're the one
who said they treat you like an NPC
right it sounds to me like they're
grinding reputation with you again like
a mutation rewards like crime you like
for eight months I'm gonna I'm gonna
message to this chick every day and then
once I hit you know Grand Marshall in
the saliva faction I'm gonna get me a
nude yeah and it's not even it just
being inappropriate and rude but it's
also just a mistrust because you don't
really know going into certain
friendship relationships whether or not
there's actually friendship
relationships or not so there's always a
balance of do I really trust someone or
do I not or yeah you have to always be
on your guard it sounds like you can't
like just like playing the game you just
can't interact with another person
without having to think about all this
extra stuff
yeah yeah um also one of the things is
frustrating is that when you actually do
have the guts to actually stand up for
yourself and say like no no man I'm not
interested in that type of stuff no
thank you
and you you try to stand your ground
what wound up happening is that nice guy
routine just kind of snaps and he's like
oh my god she's being such a female dog
and afterwards you're just like you
can't win at all and because of that it
just spreads sometimes to your own
friends sometimes he spreads to you like
the people closest to you and you don't
even know that that's happening and in
the back you're just thinking like oh
maybe he respects like what's going on
between us
maybe he says he understands that I'm
saying no and he's okay with it but then
there's some people who's just like
backstab see and just saves a lot of
stuff behind your back you know that
sounds like something pretty bad
happened to you
that didn't sound general at all that
sounded really specific
do you want to share that or I mean you
don't have to it's just I'm curious
I I guess it's just like when when I do
step up for my own self when I finally
snapped and I'm already pushed to the to
the edge already and I can't take it I
can't take it it's already hurting me
emotionally and mentally and them and I
already got stuff to deal with in real
life and the person is just like
overstepping like oh because you know we
can't say no to me I'm your friend
you're supposed to be there for me I'm
supposed you're supposed to be always
there for me I thought you're you're
never going to abandon me and then
because of that it's just like it gets
you it eats you up it makes you feel
horrible and and afterwards you just
kind of sit with that guilt you know and
this it's tough yeah it sounds like they
need you for certain things like it
sounds very very dependent does that
make sense
like they're relying on you for a lotta
I'm still not quite sure what I don't
know if it's like emotional support or
what but like it sounds like they really
do lean on you very very heavily and you
don't feel like you can say no without
being a guilty female dog
yeah and and then when I actually try to
stand up for myself
I just start feeling okay I shouldn't
have done that I start feeling horrible
for opening up about how I really feel
and I and because of that I caused like
a lot of drama a lot of stress and other
people are being affected and I and some
parts of me it's like I should have shut
up I should have never said anything
like now a lot of people are being
affected by this you know so sooner you
keep on mentioning like people's talking
behind your back and it affects other
people in your friends circle and
there's drama with other people is that
something that other people have
experienced does it kind of spill over
so now I experience that yeah tell us
about that
um it's like sometimes if you go in a
group of people and you say hi or at
least like I tend to talk to like in
World of Warcraft like there's a lot of
people you could go talk to sometimes if
you piss off the wrong person
they're like warm people who joined the
guild like oh they're an attention [ __ ]
they talk to everybody
they're gonna use you know what I mean
and then you go in and you talk like it
didn't happen but like then everybody
starts like act different towards you
because they've kind of tarnished or fut
that's at least the experience I have
sorry
can you tell us a little bit more about
like what you did to earn the ire or the
label of attention [ __ ] I like if you
talk as a girl like you're an attention
we're like you talking game like oh
you're only doing it for attention you
know what I mean wait it doesn't matter
like what you're saying
[Music]
yeah
anyone else getting a feeling of like
what the [ __ ] like that I relate to that
I'm so confused
more than I was hoping that I would
understand more things after this
conversation and one thing that also
kind of sucks is that like it's just it
happens in real life and also online
what happens like even the thing that I
mentioned about like this happening
online I I've experienced something like
this like in real life as well and it's
just like I sometimes feel like I don't
know where exactly - you go - I don't
know where I feel safe honestly
how do people feel about that yeah I've
been
actually harassed in person it's more
frequent online there are more anonymous
interactions where people feel safer
sexually harassing women so it's more
frequent for sure
you
I'm trying to just process if anybody
else has things I know that we had I had
asked lastly a couple of questions and
she was kind of saying that they slide
into your DMS and also that means that
they just message you is that what that
sliding into your DMS means okay yeah
there's no like sliding is just like
messaging it's not like a special kind
of messaging no I find like they'll try
and find any excuse to like for example
I was in this discord and this guy
started messaging with me with questions
like about the discord but really like
there's sort of questions like you would
ask a moderator and it's like I'm not a
moderator of this discord so I don't and
he was like well I talked to you like
one time in that voice call I'm like
okay like we talked one time and now
you're asking me like and - it's like
I'm pretty sure you talk to like other
people in the discord multiple times
before so it's like why are you asking
me sure so is that so sliding sounds
like they use some pretense to engage
you in conversation with an ulterior
motive yeah and then they start grinding
the reputation and yeah - I'm usually
pretty clear about that - and like I've
had cases where it's like so for my case
specifically like I'm asexual and I'm
like very open where I'm like I have no
interest in like a relationship so I'll
tell people that and then I've had guys
actually come back and be like oh well
like I thought we were actually flirting
and it's like how like I was as clear as
day to you that like this was never
gonna be a thing and they're like well
one day you sent a heart emoji in a
message and it's like
like I don't I don't like know what to
do with that like I literally stopped
using emojis after that [ __ ] because I'm
like this is [ __ ] dumb and I'm like
I'm not having this happen again where
someone tries to use that as like a
[ __ ] excuse about why they thought
like I might like them
you okay not really I'm just like I I've
tried to like moderate my behavior and
like I definitely my personality to like
a [ __ ] up avoid this [ __ ] and I know
it's [ __ ] up but like part of it works
is the problem
I agree with you so like here's the
thing right so like the whole like a big
premise of most of the stuff that we do
here is that people do [ __ ] up [ __ ]
because it works like our last stream
was with Austin and he was like yeah I'm
anxious and it's our astronomic no man
it's rational it works that's why we do
things so I'm just I really just am
there's so much here that can I just
think for a second and then I'm gonna
start talking and then I don't know
what's gonna happen after that
okay yeah I'm sure I have more questions
for you I just can't okay
okay so here's the first problem okay so
usually people come on this stream and
then my general premise is that like you
can change the way that you understand
yourself or interact with the world and
then that interaction can become a
better place and you can feel like a
better person does that make sense and
generally people like when I work as a
medical professional people come into my
office and then I work with them right
like it's kind of like a duh but like I
work with the people that I'm talking to
and then if I work with the people that
I'm talking to then they start to like
feel better about themselves maybe
change the way they interact with other
people maybe improve their relationships
maybe get a promotion maybe switch jobs
whatever maybe find love the first thing
that I'm really struggling with is that
I'm not sure exactly what I need to do
with you all like I don't see this is
your problem which I know sounds kind of
like really really like dumb and obvious
but at the same time it's actually quite
different from most of the stuff that I
do right even when I talk to women who
have been like wronged in some way like
last Wednesday we had a woman who talked
some about some of her experiences with
with a man and still like I know how to
help that person right there's a lot of
stuff about like shame and and sort of
understanding yourself and why you're
conflicted and why you're torn up and
like you don't know how to act and I'm
not talking about what I'm saying is
that even in that situation where
there's like sort of like a good guy and
a bad guy I can still work with the good
guy to try to help them be like a little
bit calmer and understand themselves a
little bit better with me I don't know
how to do that with y'all because I'm
really not sure exactly what here is
your piece and this is the best that I
can come up so the first thing is that
like what's really confusing me is if
most of the questions that I want to ask
out like most the questions that pop
into my mind or not most but some don't
have to do with you they have to do with
the person on the other side of the
table right like I want to ask the dude
like
why like when you message a girl like
what's in your head
in terms of like what are you expecting
out of this interaction like is this
like are you like I won't understand
because we have this really interesting
analogy right of like grinding
reputation with an NPC faction and is
that what's in their head cuz I'm really
curious about that like I'm really
curious like what do they think because
it here I mean we're listening to Megan
and Megan is like I send a heart emoji
and now I'm stopping to use emojis and
like what that's no way to live life
like what is life without emojis you
know it's like and so then we get to you
know what's on you and and that I'm not
trying to blame you guys but I'm sort of
saying like what what do you all do
psychologically right and and what I
hear is this like whole thing of
moderating behavior I don't know if you
guys heard Cinna say like you know I
deal with the [ __ ] for a while and then
I'm at my limit and I can't take it
anymore that's like a thread that I'm
hearing from you all that you guys
tolerate sorry y'all you guys you women
that sounds so doesn't that's out there
auga Tory when I say to you women I'm
fine with you guys like man thing that
honestly it's weird though because any
opposite of like you gals like doesn't
that sound condescending like that feels
condescending to me I don't know
anyway I'm confused but let's stick with
you all so I'm gonna lean on my Texas
roots so the interesting thing is it
sounds like y'all end up putting up with
a lot of stuff that maybe you shouldn't
and then I kind of get the sense that
you all are [ __ ] no matter where you
go so like here's the decision tree
right like queue up for a game and then
do you speak or do you not speak
if you speak you're [ __ ] so then you
moderate your behavior and then you stop
speaking and then it's like how on earth
are you supposed to play a game of
overwatch without communicating with
your teammates I would make one note
yeah I find like um it kind of depends
on the game and also the region that
you're in because like for the most part
like I play in North America and for the
most part like overwatch is like pretty
good it's like not like the worst like
so I think it really depends on the game
you're playing to so it's like the idea
like this behavior is just a given is
like just complete [ __ ] because it's
not it's not like even across all games
like some games are worse so that's
really interesting because that implies
that there are individual cultural
communities that treat women differently
which I'm really curious and like you
said Megan what that means that there
may be a possibility for us to look at
one game as opposed to another game
figure out how those suits are different
different and then try to implement to
change a cultural change from one gaming
community to do another that's a really
interesting point can I go back to
ranting yes sorry no no I'm that
actually is maybe the most useful thing
to come out of this but just back to my
rant because I enjoy doing that from
time to time so like here's the decision
tree that I see in y'all's head to play
the game or to not play the game alright
so you decide to play the game okay and
then you're like okay like I said I can
play the game as long as I don't use
emojis fine and then you know to speak
or not to speak and even if you speak
then like even if you open your mouth
like you're you're like engaging in
ingesting with you know the nameless
people that you're in a game with like
that's what it feels like to me it's
like you're saddling up and you get your
Lance and it's like hello and then y'all
heard in this competition right because
the second you open your mouth there are
people charging at you with Lance's and
anything from putting their
blankety-blank into your whatever asking
for your urine or was the other one
oh yeah making you a sandwich or make me
a sandwich right it's like those are the
three different like kinds of people
that you'll deal with or being called an
attention border so those are that and
so then like then the question becomes
like how do you even engage with this
it's like it's not a battle that you can
win
and so then the question is first of all
do you engage or do you not engage and
then maybe what I'm hearing is that
sometimes y'all can actually thread the
needle and find some perfect response
that kind of gets people to back up and
maybe actually like letting you play the
game but that's just so unfair like when
I play a game I don't you know I it's
just different like I don't I don't I
mean I just don't have to do that [ __ ]
and it sounds awful it's like I just
play the game and then you know I yell
at people because they suck and then
they yell at me because I suck and then
we tell each other we have small penises
and then that's the end of it right it's
like maybe there's something cultural
and toxic there I'm sure there is that's
probably part of the problem I don't
actually but I'm saying that like you
know men male male interactions seem to
have a little bit like knots I mean my
sense having participated in the gaming
community as a dude and watched other
toxicity between men is that we tend to
like not make it we tend to not treat
each other like NPCs like you'll still
get flamers and ragers and stuff like
that but it's not like they're raging at
you because of what your gender is it's
just they're raising raging at you
because you like made a mistake in the
game or even they made a mistake in the
game and they're finding some way to
blame you that's like standard fair game
or toxicity that sounds different from
which all tequila could shove like you
haven't even played the game like you
have nothing to rage at you about you
say hello and then it's like here we go
and so then and so then you'll start to
stay silent or you try to thread the
needle a particular way or you try to
like joke back and like that sounds
exhausting and then somewhere along the
way you know and then even if you engage
with them and they like treat you well
in the game then they slide into your
DMS and you're kind of dealing with them
after
and they you know you tell them hey I'm
asexual and then you send them a heart
emoji and they're like you hurt my
feelings I love you send me your urine
soaked bathwater right and there's like
you know I mean I've even so here's my
next question and then sometimes what
happens is you try to you have all these
feelings right so if I'm listening to
Sinha what I'm hearing is that you all
have feelings that kind of pile up and
then eventually you reach a breaking
point and then you say no I'm not into
you or whatever I don't know where you
respond to them in some way right either
you set a limit you draw a line in the
sand or you tell them that their
behavior isn't okay or you don't or or
the worst crime of all what's the worst
crime that you can commit is not being
in love with someone right and then if
you commit that crime then they call you
an attention [ __ ] they talk [ __ ] about
you whatever so this is the picture that
I'm getting now I want to just stop for
a second and consider for a moment that
the picture that I'm painting has you
guys doing nothing wrong right so that's
the picture that I'm seeing from you but
I think probably somewhere in there
there's something that can be changed
here I don't know what that is but it
seems to me to be like sort of a
reasonable picture like what do y'all
think so first of all anyone want to say
anything or respond yeah I'd like to say
something yeah go for it I think the
most hurtful part of it all is being
dismissed about how you feel and when
you do like the bubble does burst it's
being always dismissed as like oh you
can't take a joke or stuff like that
but that's why I would like to say that
this
stuff doesn't just happen every like so
months it can happen to you every day
and it can happen to you as soon as
you're on the internet meaning they
don't care if you're 12 or 13 or 14 or
15 so you hear it every single day that
you don't belong and that you should do
what they tell you and I think that's
the most hurtful part about it because
then we do alter our behaviors because
it hasn't changed for the over 15 years
that I've been playing online games
what's horrible about that yes in a
garden sorry I think also one of the
things that's also terrible because I
noticed this happened for like a lot of
women and it's really disgusting I
really I'm it's just I can't believe
that some people go through limits of
like daxing us just because he say no or
threatening us or trying to say like oh
we're gonna stocky we're gonna get you
to like I think it's one of the worst
the absolute worst when they threatened
to kill or hurt you and your loved ones
because you free check them or you just
say no and you're standing up for
yourself that [ __ ] sounds crazy people
threaten to kill you and your loved ones
because you said no to them
it's more likely than you think yeah
how likely is and you know
depends on maybe the community of the
guy but yeah it's happened to me quite a
few times
quite a few is like fat like more than
10 oh wow
and and how do you all feel when they
say that to you
I can't do anything yeah the best I can
do is walk away do you I think I think
it depends like because I've had a case
where it's like I did have this person
added on Facebook so like they actually
knew where I lived so like that that
like makes it more like actionable
seeming but like since then it's like I
don't give like that sort of personal
information about hmm
I mean I it if so much of this
conversation blows my mind but I guess
what I'm kind of curious about is like
do you all feel like you're actually in
danger I've been not all the time but I
have been physically stalked and
harassed through someone who knew me
from the gaming community online so
sometimes yeah
can we just appreciate how [ __ ] up
Navi statement is does anyone get a
sense of what I think is just incredibly
[ __ ] up about it any idea it is [ __ ]
up the problem is it's just like it's
normal for us so yeah so I don't know if
y'all caught that but she said not all
the time but dot dot dot and it's like
what on earth it's some right and you're
like not all the time but sometimes
people do actually physically sup it's
not me from the internet it's like what
the standard is just so far from the
norm but I think the thing with that
when you say norm it's like like this is
our normal that's most compared in and
like I can't understand your normal
because I don't I don't get to live like
that online yeah that's that's what I'm
saying that's why I'm having trouble
like figuring out what on earth to say
or think or ask in class I'm just
talking this way yeah I just wanted to
say that I I thought about this a little
bit and it was like I started being
online when I was like 12 or 13 and I
guess I stumbled upon the rules of the
internet if you're familiar and you know
the rules say there's no girls on the
internet and tits
or get the [ __ ] out and I think you know
as a first impression of like the kind
of space that I'm going to engage in if
that's what the rules of the internet
say you know I gotta be
for all the hate I'm gonna get like I
think that's why this is the norm
mmm-hmm like or at least that was like
what let's say ten years ago a bit or
maybe 15
and what's the I also like to add
you don't have to even say no to anyone
to get this harassment
I think there's what do you what do you
have to do to get this harassment just
speak
yeah that's why I said it starts when
you're very young unfortunately and you
don't need a question or an answer to a
question to even get it
there are plenty of apps where
you just talk or ask a question and you
immediately get told how they would like
to do you and they don't care if you're
13 or not
that's that's just how it is and you
don't know how to deal with that when
you're young and
you know some girls then engage or some
don't luckily there's a buck button or
highly recommend every girl to use the
black button but yeah that is just that
could be a daily message to too
you know what blows my mind about that
as you say I don't know how to you know
when you're 13 you don't know how to
deal with that I have a grown ass 37
year old man with the family kids and a
job and if someone I talked to randomly
on the internet said that they want to
[ __ ] me in a particular way I wouldn't
know how to do yeah
and that's why I said like the
dismissive part hurts the most
because
you're Bismol accountable for actions
like oh why didn't you speak up sooner
all writing you do this well because you
were 13 years old and you had no clue
how to handle it what is that what does
that mean that the dismissive part and
who's asking that question well when you
do tell these stories or you do like
have a conversation about it there
luckily there are enough men that are
very supportive and understanding and
want to listen but there's always people
that are very dismissive or you know why
can you not take the normal make a
sandwich joke well because one we've
heard it for a thousand times but also
because we know what comes next
and we don't want to deal with it right
now
yeah yeah so it sounds like people blame
you for your reaction oh yeah yeah
you're not allowed to feel how you feel
about stuff feel like you have to feel
like a certain way and if you don't feel
that way then you're just overreacting
or like too emotional so it sounds like
they gate keep what you're allowed to do
and think and feel I mean that's what
I'm hearing right so you'll have to
respond in a particular way and I'm not
really hearing like a light at the end
of the tunnel either we're seeing and
and because I kind of get the sense that
like you know you're kind of [ __ ] at
every step of the equation like first
interaction to speak or not to speak to
engage or not engage to follow up in the
DMS or not the DMS to tolerate some kind
of behavior I'm also getting some degree
of emotional dependency and and I don't
know if this makes sense but what I'm
feeling on the other end of the
interaction is hunger okay I get the
sense that there like a lot of hungry
people out there does that feel right
like it's just like they're hungry for
something like what are they hungry for
like they're looking to you to like
satisfy something and if you say quick I
don'ts 1 I don't know what's why is this
the quick fix for whatever they're
hungry for yeah so that's the thing
right is I don't think it's actually a
quick fix because what I'm hearing from
you all is that despite what you do
they're still hungry for more
and then you feed them and you feed them
and you feed them and then eventually
you can't feed them anymore and then
they get upset at you because you sent a
heart emoji or whatever so what do you
think it is that they're hungry for like
what do they want for any idea well at
least in one case like I think I had
this issue with this one guy where he
thought like oh if I just dated him like
his life would be perfect and like his
problems would all magically be solved
and I'm like that's [ __ ] like that's
not how that works that's not gonna fix
your problems but in his head like
that's like how he thought that would
work out and so like that's why like he
was so insistent on it interesting
do other people relate to that yeah I
think it's like the whole Manic Pixie
dream mindset a lot of movies have
implied on what does that mean that what
is a Manic Pixie so like a Manic Pixie
dream girl is it's it's common in a lot
of tropes for films and basically one of
the things is that a guy has a good
boring life nothing interesting is
happening no value he has no sense of
direction a girl comes in his life is
million times better he he finally finds
his confidence he's finally living a
life that he he wants and everything
ever since that girl came into the
picture and you know everything is just
a million times better and I think
that's also one of the things that a lot
of films try to imply is that if you
find like the love of your life if
you're fully complete and everything
hmm what do you think about that
I think they're all trying to shoot
their shot sometimes you miss 100% of
the you miss 100% of the shots you don't
take is kind of the the typical guy
thing I hear in that regard mmm they'll
keep asking out and asking out gating
rejections and doesn't matter how bad
they are at it like they might not learn
from how bad they are at it they'll just
keep trying
um I agree with both na'vi and sinha and
at least in my experience because I have
like engaged with these people in the
past and I try to help them through like
you know they say they like me but it's
like you just met me dude
or like we just played a game together
like what are you talking about and you
know I would like talk through it with
like talk with them and at least what I
see is that there's a severe need for
like guys to talk about their feelings
that's I mean again that's my experience
but it's just you know they could talk
for hours about what they're going
through how they feel and stuff like
that and maybe they want to talk to a
girl because I don't know why or you
know maybe it's because they feel like
they're gonna be judged by their
boyfriends I have no idea okay so let me
ask you guys a question and and you know
I know we're sort of getting into the
hypothesis space of the people on the
other side of the table so what do you
all need as we're here for you we're not
here for them
I think like for me it's just like I
want people like to stop like
second-guessing me or almost like
gaslighting me in a sense well like I
tell people like I had this terrible
interaction with this person and like
they said shitty things to me and then
them not turn around and be like Oh was
that a joke
and I'm like I can tell what a joke is
and I've had people try and like uhm say
something that's like sexual in nature
and then they try and write it off as a
joke
when I don't receive it well and it's
like you didn't mean that as a joke when
you said it and it's like like they try
and like twist it into like oh it was
just a joke that you didn't get and it's
like I got that you said that seriously
and I'm not stupid
yeah so it sounds like what you need
people to do is maybe take
responsibility for their actions instead
yeah absolving themselves of
responsibility by saying nothing wrong
happened I think too like there's almost
like this expectation sometimes when
like I'm in these communities where it's
like I'm supposed to be like really like
um compassionate and have like a lot of
emotional depth and then like the guys
are like allowed to be like as deep as a
sheet of paper and I supposed to be like
an encyclopedia and it's like well maybe
I'm just a children's book when it comes
to that
sounds like you're being frustrated as
being judged as an NPC faction with
certain advocates
well yeah cuz it's like um when you like
when they put all these expectations on
you and then like you don't meet them
it's like frustrating cuz if you feel
like you failed but it's like why did I
have these expectations to begin with
sure like I'm a random-ass person on the
internet like why do you have all these
expectations for me I think we sort of
heard that to tell you that from Cinar
earlier to about her kind of trying to
live up to expectations and provide
people with something and then she kind
of hits her limit too
so what I'm hearing from Megan is that
maybe not validation isn't really the
right word
I guess what are y'all hearing from
Megan in terms of what she means what
she wants
I guess - I could like elaborate a
little where I feel like I'm put in
situations where like I'll have like
these bad interactions with people and
then I still have to hang around them
because they're still permitted to be in
the friend group even though like
they're an [ __ ] to me like all the
time and it's like okay and they get
away with it because they're not [ __ ]
to like other dudes like they're cool
with other dudes but it's just you so
like you should just get over it
okay so Megan I'm gonna actually ask you
not to elaborate further
and I'm gonna ask you your colleagues to
think a little bit about what do y'all
think it is that Megan needs yes II know
that's it I think only things like I
don't think treating a person just you
know equally like the same way that you
treat your homies or treat like
everybody you know it's like a normal
person's like okay cool you know like I
need that spotlight I don't need that
sunshine all over me or or anything
focused on me negative positive either
way just treat me like a human being
that's it
anything to that yeah I think what I
need is I think I need other like I have
men in my life who are a game with and
they're all super respectable and like
you know like when we talk like this we
know it's not all men and we all have
like guy friends if we like to play
games with when I'm playing games with
them and there is someone who's
problematic they get on my side really
quickly and give me support when those
moments happen hmm I know some guys are
afraid to do that for fear of like the
white knight kind of perspective that
gets thrown at them but it's nice but
it's not just me attacking this alone
and it's like somebody else is there to
help yeah I think understanding and and
being respectful goes a long way
how does okay
it's about to ask a question but I don't
think it's a good question right now
sorry
let me think is that okay if I think for
if anybody else wants to share please do
otherwise all that I can share something
that's right uh-huh like in some games
like if you talk like you almost get
like idolized if you talk like wow like
there's a girl on my team like it's my
objective now to be your friend just
like I like you know and you don't meet
girls that much in video games like I
would kind of appreciate it if like
people would stop doing that or like
stop giving me the expectation of like
oh like now that you talk like girls are
usually bad at games like let's see how
you do let's see if you do better you
know what I mean and then it's like
awkward and I have to live up to like
the expectation of like wow I think
girls are bad at games now I have to do
really good or like they haven't met
that many I have to like have the whole
reputation of womankind now in my hands
yeah awkward cuz they'll be like oh like
there's another girl in the lobby like
you're her enemy now like why like I
don't get it
like I feel like sometimes I'm pitted
against other woman cuz I'll be like oh
well they're not doing as well as you
you can't be their friend like what what
do you dislike no thanks for sure what
do you dislike about that mantle what's
hard about that just I guess like all
the expectations just like in general I
don't know it's impossible to live up to
yeah
it's interesting right because I'm
hearing a lot of degrading behavior I'm
also hearing a lot of idolizing behavior
so how can we understand what's the
similarity between idolizing someone and
degrading them
is there one it's not looking at them
for who they are yeah
glass you were going to say something I
was gonna say it's an exaggeration - but
like both are exaggerated that's what
I'm hearing y'all is that like
ultimately y'all aren't perceived as
human right anything but that you're not
a complex organism with thoughts
feelings preferences that just because
you're a girl doesn't mean particular
things it doesn't mean anything it means
that maybe you like barbecue and maybe
you don't it means that maybe you like
to play this game and maybe you don't it
means that maybe you're good and maybe
you saw
and oddly enough in a bizarre way what
I'm what I'm hearing from y'all is that
you know really really and I'm gonna say
something that's a little bit extreme
just for the sake of making a point I
think it's almost like what y'all would
appreciate is toxicity if you sucked
like if you suck at a game and someone
calls you out on it something tells me
that y'all would actually be okay with
that but that you should be judged based
on you as opposed to their conception of
you right and it's kind of weird to
think about but like if you guys do a
good job it's just you did a good job
not you did a good job in spite of your
genitals or if you if people like you
they like you because you're you and not
because the world is full of simps that
maybe you have inherent value that
people can be drawn to outside of your
genitals shocking but what I'm hearing
from y'all is that's not what happens
and there's a lot just really bad [ __ ]
like it didn't really cross my mind that
like y'all started you know being on the
internet when you were 12
like that's just terrible there's no
like age limitations
I couldn't tell if you were stretching
or raising your hand I kind of wanted to
also say something cuz I'm sure few of
us have gone through this experience
before where there's another female in
the VC there's another girl and because
of that she notices that you're a girl
and she kind of puts you down for being
a girl and you're just like we know
we're on the same team why are you
dragging me down and I think that's also
one of the things it's just like I'm not
like her I'm not like that eagerly you
know I'm not like other girls and I
think that's also women frustrating is
just like do you we go through the same
[ __ ] together why are you also putting
me down too you know that's something
y'all have experienced toxicity from
other girls and or women and in gaming
yeah yeah yeah yeah runs the person you
like really likes attention and yeah
just insecurity they don't want to lose
what they have with the with the guys
that they play and what are they ending
non harassment or just attention
attention yeah so there are attention
[ __ ] out there there are West doesn't
matter what gender it is
point how do you hmm so is most of the
toxicity that you get from other women
you think relating to attention or other
things attention or status if they have
status within that group of friends or
within that community then they would be
incentivized to put down other people so
that they can maintain their status and
keep you below them in that's what I
would call the insecurities really
because I don't want to lose it and
they're afraid they've got the
reputation worth getting exalted for so
just go back to our analogy have you all
ever done that um I've had some issues
where I've had to deal with girls who
had been boosted by some friends of mine
and then they'd have like these
attitudes and then I would be like and
like I didn't know how to deal with them
because I didn't want to be mean to them
but like at the same time I'm like
you're objectively bad at this game and
it's like it's insulting that you're
acting like you're good when I know I
know who boosted you and like dealing
with that dynamic
and so like I I I think sometimes maybe
I come off like a little rude to some of
those girls but it's like it's not so
much like the girl thing it's like that
they're boosted trash and I don't like
being thought of as on the same level as
you right interesting it's an ego thing
yeah that sounds like standard ego
though doesn't sound like gender
specificity ego sounds like you're for a
shitty that got boosted you should know
your place we can all relate to that
can't we relate to that in a
gender-neutral way
so I'm curious though if y'all ever felt
toxic towards either other women or men
just said okay to ask that question yeah
I think so okay
I think a long time ago playing
Starcraft 2 I potentially been
accidentally toxic in certain
communities there were there were a lot
of communities kind of like fighting
each other for like status and
superiority other over other groups and
sometimes that created like infighting
within the same gaming community that
was unnecessary
so and what did your I've been there
before and done it too
do you mind if I ask you a couple
questions about that sure what does that
toxicity look like I think it's like
putting people down I never did it like
a gender specific way but like telling
people even if they are like really good
compared to me like you suck you
shouldn't play like uninstall like that
kind of thing
good yeah that's like that's the kind of
stuff that unites us as gamers you know
blanket toxicity towards other people
for being better than than we are that's
what unites us as a community I've never
I've never understood what you guys have
gone through until this moment other
people I'm curious for me it's always
been like once you meet another girl in
the same game or same hobby whatever it
is it's always testing whether or not
you're there for the same reasons like
are you also there just to play games
and then we hit it off like the dentist
because then it's more supportive then
it's more just like yeah let's just play
the game and if someone is being mean
then we can both handle it together and
when they're not for that and when
they're you know more there for the
front of attention then it's like okay
I'm I'm done I don't have been if any
y'all felt like you were there for the
attention or if there have been times in
your life where you've appreciated the
tension or sold bodily fluids over the
Internet
no never that no but I would say like
one nice thing is like it's easy to get
like invited to discord communities and
like Frank groups as a girl like that's
one thing I will acknowledge is like
it's much easier to like find a group of
people to play with as a girl but I
think too like there's also like the
consequences like some of them it's like
in these discards they give you like a
weird like role on the discord and you
don't want that role but like
like Queens or like collection or like
things like that like and then it's like
all girls in it and it's like weird
interesting so what do you all think
about you know communities like do you
guys find that it's like okay hold on
let me just think about what Meghan said
so it sounds like once again that you're
not really being treated as a person
right so even though there are some
benefits like you get invited but
they're not really inviting you they're
inviting their expectation of you I find
it really hard to know where I stand
with like these groups of people like do
they actually like like me and wanna be
my friend or am I just there because
it's like I'm a girl and like they like
having girls around and what are you all
so when it comes to interacting with
other girls who play games what's that
like so Celaya sort of said you know
sometimes there may be like a little bit
attention-seeking and sometimes they're
just there to play games and it kind of
you sort of feel each other out and then
sort of get a sense of okay how's this
gonna go what about other people I think
I try to first engage like see has about
how it goes like yell with [ __ ] was
poppin and then if it goes like you
don't talk to me heck off and I'm like
okay I that kind of hurt me is one in
the makeup female friend man
and then if it goes great I'm just like
yo I made a new friend today yo and I
think it just goes either that way but
then sometimes it really hurts me when
another girl is just like no back off
we're not gonna be friends I don't want
to talk to you it's like you're just
another stupid like eager on the
internet and it's like you know jabs at
you
hmm interesting
any other perspective zones I think it
like definitely has to do with like I
guess the big group of people you're
already with because sometimes if you
talked like a group of people in video
games just not like a lot of girls like
after a while you almost become like
bear girl then another girl comes in and
sometimes they'll be like oh yeah I
don't really know the line I hear laughs
from girls is oh yeah I don't really
have I don't really talk to other girls
I don't get along with other girls it
makes me almost feel like dismiss like
oh like okay like I see where we stand
now like we're not gonna be friends like
I think you're saying you're saying you
hear it a lot right so yeah I do cuz you
know my instinct would be that people
who share an experience can lean on each
other for support but I'm hearing that
it's kind of like you know 50/50 or
maybe even like the odds are against you
in terms of interacting with other women
who play video games
is that the cat I'm really just curious
what's been yeah I I think most women
like to play you know through their
experiences kind of isolated from others
because if they reach out they get hurt
so they've learned not to reach out
I think I've seen that experience happen
a lot through the course of my lifetime
interesting hmm so I have any any
thoughts or questions just anything that
we've left out or people want to ask or
curious about other people in the group
you all are welcome to you know ask each
other questions too
if not I have a couple of other thoughts
or questions and maybe a kind of one I
mention about this because I guess I
never felt this way for like a long time
I guess like ever since there is like
the the women server and the discord
specifically here for healthy gamer and
everything cuz like I I've tried to make
more female friends because I want to
expand my group not just only disguise
but also girls and everybody and you
know and I guess one of the things I
just wish there was more communities
like the ones that we have over here
where there are so many girls who are
just supportive and just being there for
each other and just like hey I'll listen
to your problems I know what it feels
like
I can I can empathize with how you feel
and I just kind of wish there was more
groups like that online
yeah it took me a long time to even find
a group like that I think I'm lucky to
even have a group like that
so let me just be a little bit
transparent so do you all think that the
sort of woman's face on our discord
server is a good thing yes I think so
yeah like I said I was lucky that I
already had a group before this so where
we just share experiences but also just
rent when something has happened or you
know how we feel and it it it just helps
to just know that you have a backup
where you can just put those feelings
out and you can be supported supportive
implant instead of being dismissed about
it that's why I think that this scored
it was a very good idea because it
brings more people together I think to
like I've spent a lot of time and like
the main discord and the sad thing is is
like there has been cases where girls
have come and they tried to talk about
say things like their relationships and
the guys there have been less than
sympathetic to say the least in some
cases so I think like that's why I like
the women's discard cuz like it gives
them the opportunity to talk about those
things there
I have some thoughts and I'm just trying
to figure out how much to say so let me
start with this there's a big
behind-the-scenes process about a lot of
this stuff that people don't see and you
know just as a community if I can just
share some thoughts I'd love to get like
y'all's reflections on this so I kind of
mentioned this a some time ago that in a
sense I think that the woman's face on
discord is sort of a bad idea because I
think it's sort of a band-aid for a
problem that like is kind of and that's
not actually the solution that I want
what I want is for that to no longer be
needed
right that like that you guys like what
we're hearing is that you what what I'm
hearing from you y'all overwhelmingly is
it you want to just be treated as humans
you don't want to be dehumanized you
don't want to be treated as a Manic
Pixie you don't want to be treated as an
emotional you know bucket for people to
relate to you don't want to be treated
as a sex object you don't want to be
treated as the solution to anyone's
problems you want it to be you want to
just be treated like the shitty ass
gamer that you are just like the rest of
us right well scrubs and we all suck and
that's how you hole want to be treated
fair and and that's what I that's what I
envision is is that's really what I want
our discord to be as a place where like
we can all just be like flawed humans
who are good at some things and bad at
other things and so that's kind of the
first thought the second thought is that
I've so I'm not allowed in the women's
discord okay and and so I really don't
know what goes on there but it's really
happy I'm really happy to hear from you
guys that you find it to be like a
useful place and at the same time you
know we do deal with a lot of toxicity
and so sometimes we get you know we
banned people from our server who
basically do some of the stuff that
y'all are talking about so they start to
become emotionally pressuring thankfully
I mean I haven't heard about anything
that is super severe in terms of you
know Docs and people or death threats or
anything like that maybe that stuff goes
on because thankfully we've got a pretty
good team of mods who like sort of takes
care of things but you know I I do sort
of know that people are emotionally
needy or and that sometimes they put
pressure on other members and it's not
just women by the way all right so a lot
of people like kind of get burnt out
from like trying to support other people
on our discord and then I've also heard
of of you know potentially like toxicity
or stuff from women on our discord and
also towards other women and I'm curious
if you guys have experienced that or is
that something that now
cool yeah not yet okay great
I'm happy to hear that yeah that's cool
so you know I want to kind of and any
other thoughts I'm glad you brought up
the discord and stuff by the way Cinna
yeah I think most of us can agree on
this it it was I guess like when the
server opened up and everything and I
was posting my selfie I was like oh my
god there's no mediums oh my gosh and
it's just like wait this should be
normal right and oh we call it
it was just felt so nice like for
everyone else to post their selfies and
not just be creeped out by other people
and they know that like you know their
selfie is gonna be okay
nothing Bad's gonna happen after it you
know wow that's crazy
the silent world yeah I'm actually very
surprised are you sure it actually got
uploaded yes cuz I'm genuine like I know
we try to foster a pretty positive
community but even that's not like I'm a
little bit skeptical you know I put
faith in our discord community
beforehand been burned so you know it's
not that I don't love them
it's just that you know let's not sorry
can I tell you all the story yes okay so
there was one time there was a monk who
was sitting by the edge of a river and
there was a scorpion who like fell into
the river so the monk pulls out the
scorpion and gets stung in the process
and then he like drops it on the on the
bank and then a few minutes later
scorpion falls back into the river and
then the monk pulls it out again and
gets stung again and then a few minutes
later scorpion fine like you know falls
into the river again the monk pulls it
out against this get stunned at their
time and then one of his disciples is
kind of there and he's like master like
why on earth do you keep on pulling the
scorpion out of the river because it
keeps singing and the master says it's
my nature to pull it's it's the
scorpions nature to sing people that
pick it up and it's my nature to pull
drowning things out of the water so it's
gonna keep happening what do you all
think about that I don't know if that
story made a whole a sense
yeah it sounded like
pair of pair of behaviors that became
cyclical right yeah and I think you know
sometimes I wonder a little bit because
what I'm hearing from Sinha is that
someone pulled the Scorpion out of the
water and they didn't get stuff because
we expect a certain response right like
there's a cycle of behavior if you post
something about yourself people are
going to slide into your DMS try to buy
your urine I think - maybe like it's too
much like guys maybe I should stop I'm
basically saying it for her benefit at
this point anyway sorry was that
offensive I don't know no you're fine
it's just like cringe yeah I feel so
stupid it's almost funny but almost
something that's what we do right is we
we laugh when there's nothing else we
can do because the rest of the feelings
are too painful
Navi you were saying something oh I
don't think so
no okay I was laughing yeah so let me
ask y'all um kind of one more question
and that's like what can I do what can
we do what do you all I sort of asked
you earlier like you know what do y'all
need and and I'm kind of just really
curious like what do you want from other
people what do you want from us what do
you want from me like what would help
like how do we fix this it's a really
good question
how we fix this that's why we'll start
with the earlier ones that's my that's
my question honestly and that's the one
I'm gonna try to solve but her answer
but what do you all want what can I do
what can we do what can people who are
watching do I guess for me like I just
want people to like maybe think of our
about like what they say to other people
and like I guess - like why do you feel
so entitled to like make these
statements to me like the weird like sex
statements or like stuff like that
so you want people to think before they
speak big ask Megan ask I kinda would
like people to stop giving me pet names
if I don't know them
that's very helpful additionally I would
like it if like if somebody's like
talking to me in the game I don't need
somebody to like step in and be like oh
don't talk to her she gets this enough
you know what I'm like I don't need that
either you know what I mean I just want
to be like a normal human like you want
to ask how my day is like I'll answer
that in game like that's fine we're like
I don't need like the whole game to be
like all about me if I like talk once
like if I don't whine like one question
you know like I just want to be normal
okay yeah so so let me ask y'all this
question cuz I'm hearing like slightly
different things so I think it's
probably all the same but on the one
hand you know Navi said earlier that
it's nice when people within the game
were supportive and I'm also hearing
that sometimes it's annoying when people
sort of speak for you and can you all
help us understand you know like what's
the balance they're like so what would
you you know if someone calls you a
[ __ ] in a game if there are other
people around what would you want them
to say or not say rather rather than
like leave her alone call out the
behavior and what they're saying like
called them out and put the attention on
them for their behavior instead of
putting it on like leave her alone don't
say that to hurt like put it back on him
hey yep that's an awful thing to say hey
cut that out
idiot like stop that's very helpful
does that mean yeah would you all agree
with that yeah because that I think
really clarify to me for me because the
sinestro was kind of saying like it's
not about me like that's the whole point
is call out the behavior don't make it
about the victim and it's cuz that too
is like you know treating you like the
victim faction and then white knights
charge
other thoughts about you know what what
can we do as a community or what can we
do as healthy game or if you'll have
specific advice for what I can do as a
human besides keep my children away from
the Internet I think there's a good end
for canceled culture and for people to
just like I'll cancel the person get
them out of here they're not allowed to
be part of human society anymore I feel
and I think it's just like why not just
call like I wish it could just change
from being canceled culture mindsets he
just being like call out instead you
know it helped helped me understand or
if you all agree with that help help us
on yes LA what
well yeah I definitely agree with their
because it's not about canceling the
other person you don't solve the problem
with that it's just oh if we get rid of
that one person then it'll be fine
no there's thousands of them so hats why
how do we fix that the well it always
fit that question always feels very
daunting to me because it's about the
minds rent it's about a mindset and
being respectful and that is sometimes
too big of a task I think I don't have
any helpful suggestions for okay
building more respect in the gaming
community for each other not even just
for women but
yeah like I don't know if that helps sum
it up yeah
so I'm yeah go for it last I'm gonna
agree with everyone that like what
everyone said like other people should
do I would say what you can do as a
healthy gamer is just talk about this
more like we should be having this
discussion a bit more often and I think
like from both sides I think it's very
helpful that we're here today I don't
know what you're interested in
yes sorry I don't I don't know I don't
know if you're interested in like
the other side I guess like like the
boys that have this behavior side talk
talked about it but the only like I
can't figure out what I should be doing
to to make this situation better like
maybe you can do something maybe the
behavior can start changing but like
what I don't know what I should be doing
differently to either avoid being hurt
or like try to stop this from happening
yeah I think it's a tall order to put on
y'all right so I think it's it's hard to
get the minority to change the majority
so I think this is sort of like you know
if you think about slavery in the United
States like slavery ends when the
majority starts to support the minority
because when there's a power dynamic
it's really hard for the weaker
population to do something
and I guess it's interesting to hear you
guys kind of say that in a sense you're
not a fan of canceled culture so let me
ask you all so would you guys want to
hear from the other side yeah I think
that would be helpful
yeah I think what's frustrating to me
about like this behavior - it's like a
lot of these times like these guys
aren't like terrible people so it's like
I don't get why they think it's okay to
like do this stuff because I meet them
and like we'll be friends and then like
they engage in this behavior and it's
like what's wrong with you like you're
perfectly fine and then yeah so that's
weird right because I think that there's
like there's a certain perception or
potential toxicity in giving oh man this
is such a mess okay let's dig into it
okay so like like it's it's kind of
interesting because sometimes when
people say there are two sides to every
story that actually like further
disempowers the victims does that make
sense to y'all yeah I could say that so
like like if we kind of think about you
know victims of sexual harassment and
assault or you know harassment and we
kind of think about you know listening
to the other side and I'm not saying
that that's the extreme that we're
talking about right so like I think that
my biggest complaint is that the two in
cells that we've got and gotten on here
aren't real in cells and maybe that's
kind of interesting because when you
actually look underneath the shell of an
in cell you find a real human heat shock
and that's sort of what I'm hearing from
you all is that that there's a lot of
toxic behavior that doesn't mean that
the person is evil that there are good
people swimming underneath the bad
people so yeah I had an idea of
something we can maybe do in the discord
or we could have a place for women to
post written stories of some of their
treatment online which people can read
about or read and then like maybe that
gives them some more perspective because
I feel like a like hearing people's
stories and like hearing about so like
stuff that happened to them
like powerful and I think maybe like
that would give them insight and so that
and I think too
I've heard people mention that the
reason they don't like there being only
a woman's space is like they want to
hear like about these stories and like
they want to hear about this stuff and
hear women's issues and like they don't
get to hear it because we put it all in
the women's discord so like that would
give them an opportunity to see it yeah
I that makes a lot of sense to me I was
like very very loath to segregate people
and I still don't know if that was the
right choice or not but it's not like
the women can only participate in the
women's discord correct so at the end of
the day we just wanted to offer a space
I think it's a really interesting idea
to post your stories and I would say
that that is a scary idea except for
this whole selfie thing which is maybe
giving me a little bit of faith that
those will be received in the right way
and if I'm hearing you guys correctly
would you also want to hear stories from
the other perspective definitely yeah
some way you can make it safer is you
just have them submit them to someone in
the like a moderator and they post them
anonymously and then that way it's not
linked to individuals in the discord I
get your Meghan so I think that you know
there are a lot of logistics there that
we can consider and I appreciate it
sounds like you've been thinking about
this and I appreciate that thoughtful
sorry I just thought up this now oh no
no it sounds like so that's kind of
interesting so let me I mean it's really
bizarre to to hear this from y'all but
let me just make sure that I'm hearing
it correctly that like if we got if we
took let's say like half a dozen people
who've been banned from our discord and
you know like put them on you know heard
their stories in some way or had a
stream what that was would that be
something that y'all would be interested
in actually hearing
I don't know if that'd be helpful
because I I've met some people who's had
moderate like they've either had mutes
or stuff in the discord and a lot of
them just think like they don't deserve
the mute and like they don't acknowledge
anything that they don't and I don't I
don't think they're the most
introspective people
okay so practically like what do y'all
like cuz that's that's the other side
when I hear when I hear your side at the
polar end of the spectrum is the other
side so that's what we're kind of
struggling with is an organization right
so like what you know then what do you
all want you all want just the just the
low-level ones the ones that are like
50% sim 50% toxic I think it's worth the
try I just maybe it happens maybe it
doesn't happen maybe it's too much maybe
it's not but I for me I I would want I
would want to see that I think that's a
really good point like what's the worst
that can happen if they do come on so
just that face there's a lot of bets
that could probably happen actually the
worst that could happen is that we get
banned and healthy gamer ends right
that's pretty bad so already that we're
not willing to entertain the possibility
yeah you might need a greater filter
than just the people who've been banned
probably sure so yeah
well as you want to say something oh no
no I just agree yeah so it's it's
fascinating I mean so like I think this
is I'm really happy in a sense I'm
really happy to hear this despite the
fact that it's scary and potentially
will tank us as an organization but on
the one hand I just want to say like I'm
I really commend you all for you know
being so I it's really actually awesome
what y'all are saying and let me tell
you why I respect it so much because
it's it's a very hard thing to be on the
like the short end of the stick and to
be like treated like [ __ ] by a group of
people and still want to say we want to
like hear your story and understand what
your perspective
is not to say that your all are being
apologists because I think this is the
other big problem is that you know
there's like there are people with the
pitchforks and then on the other side of
the apologists and and I think that most
of us are in the middle but what I'm
hearing from y'all is that maybe
grabbing the pitchfork is not the best
thing to do and and maybe trying to
understand what's going on
is a good idea can I share just one or
two personal thoughts about it which
maybe are a little bit controversial
mm-hmm so here's what my biggest concern
is with cancel culture is like when you
grab the pitchforks and you say that
this person is evil this is gonna sound
really weird but I think that something
subtle happens which is like it becomes
of them and us and then what happens is
like when someone is a complete piece of
[ __ ] what happens is that they're like
all the low-level toxicity people who
look at the high level toxicity people
and they say they're over there and
we're over here and then suddenly like I
think that they don't think that they
could do the same thing and maybe cuz I
think at the end of the day because they
know like they're decent human beings
and what I'm hearing from you guys is
like most people it sounds like when you
actually get a chance to talk to them
even the people who are toxic to you or
maybe decent human beings maybe most is
too much but lisanna
and and I what really worries me is that
like I think about my own life and I
think about how I was well on the road
to becoming like a woman-hating insult
and like that was me like I was 19 and
never had a girlfriend I've asked a
bunch of women out and then like one of
my buddies like got into the pickup
artists and was telling me about how to
get laid and all this kind of stuff and
and I think like you know in my life
somewhere along the way that was a
branch point and I don't know I mean I
think I'm a decent human being unclear
but you know I think at some point like
people have a choice and and I think
what's dangerous but is that that you
know I think that those people I've been
asking like this weird sort of ethical
question it which is like when does
someone become like an [ __ ]
or you know like someone who's like
toxic towards women like
when does that like is it one day and
not the next day and and how do you
change someone's trajectory because I'm
with y'all that that you know just
getting rid of the worst cancer it
doesn't address the systemic toxicity
and so then the question is like how do
you just address the systemic toxicity I
think you have to have a systemic
solution you can't just keep on
cancelling the worst people which I'm
not saying you shouldn't cancel the
worst people by all means do that I
think people should be held accountable
to their actions and if you know they
get canceled they get canceled that's
fine and sometimes actually it's it's
bizarre that everyone's kind of talking
about canceled culture and like some
people should really be talking about
criminal charges and and so I mean
that's just my thought but it's not my
place to say what should or shouldn't
happen and and I think what I'm hearing
from you all is that you know maybe and
I would like to hear from some of these
people because I think it's important to
understand like where your beliefs come
from and it's also like I'm glad that
some of y'all said you know sometimes I
haven't been the nicest person because
come on I mean all of you all have
probably been assets at some point in
your life yeah and that that's you know
just because you're a woman doesn't mean
that you can't act like and ask you know
and and maybe people will find that
offensive but I think that's what unites
us as gamers is that at some point in
time we're all toxic [ __ ] and that's
just what it means it may be one day
like that's the bar that's too high for
me to solve because that's part of who
we are and I think it's been really
awesome for you guys to be able to take
a step back from your personal hurt and
and be willing to listen to like another
perspective because I don't I wouldn't
blame you if you didn't feel that way
right because when we get hurt like
oftentimes it's completely justifiable
for us to not have compassion or
curiosity about who's on the other side
of the table like I wouldn't blame you
for a minute if you all said [ __ ] em all
you know I don't want to hear what they
have to say honestly I wouldn't blame
you and I think it's a real testament to
your own self-reflection your capacity
for compassion mercy curiosity and your
desire to make the world a better place
instead of just like punish people who
have hurt you because those are two very
different things and oftentimes we just
default towards
let's punish the good and that's how the
world becomes a better place it's a very
very dangerous assumption that punishing
the good will fix the and it's one that
a lot of people make I'm not saying it's
wrong I'm just saying it's like it's in
the sumption those are my thoughts any
reflections on that
want to tell me how I'm a dumbass and
now's your chance
I didn't hear anything I really disagree
with so welcome I'll try better next
time
Eddie last Lots for questions before we
kind of wrap up for the day do feel like
we're in a good spot to wrap up or I
mean if we've left something unsaid or
not talked about it I'd love to hear
I can't think of anything okay so
anybody want to share their discord IDs
for people to friend you after Street no
so at the end of our sessions we usually
you know teach some kind of meditation
and somehow that's pertinent to the
discussion are y'all interested in
learning some meditation or doing some
meditation as a group sure now I'm
trying to figure out how to make this
pertinent because in all of my you know
years of studying in India they never
told me what meditation is good for
women who deal with toxicity in gaming
how strange it's very bizarre because
it's such a common topic you'd think
that Luther would have talked about it
at some point
okay so
to think about it mm-hmm I think I'm
gonna have to do something on the fly
let me just try to make it good instead
of bad
okay so what I'm kind of leaning towards
this could completely tank so apologies
if it does because like I said and no
one ever taught me how to do this so
what I'm actually leaning towards is
doing something like a mind body sort of
oriented meditation which is a little
bit more exploratory so what I'd like to
ask you all to do is to think about some
of these moments that you all have
experienced and then sort of in an open
way it's gonna be kind of awkward and
it'll take some time for us to kind of
find our rhythm but what I would love
for is if y'all could all sit up
straight and close your eyes and then
I'm gonna ask you guys certain questions
and then I want y'all to feel completely
fine just sharing something whatever you
feel with and I'm gonna ask you a lot of
stuff that's related to your physical
sensations and so I'll ask you to recall
things and I'll ask you like what does
that feel like in your body and then I
don't know where we're gonna go from
there okay so sit up straight and y'all
can do this too
and what we're gonna be listening for is
something about the stories that you
share or the physical sensations that
you have and whether other people within
this group or people who are watching
have felt similar things so close your
eyes and sit up straight we're gonna
start by taking three breaths so deep
breath in
and out
in
start by just feeling our body in its
current state
just acknowledge that we've been talking
for a little while now and that the
attention emotions humor concentration
all of those things have had their
effect on our body you may feel this
like a little bit of fatigue a little
bit of sense of being spent
I'll invite the group to just share any
sensations they notice in their body
my jaw is tight
not it yeah noticing been number one
okay
tension
my feet and my the top of my head or I
can feel them more okay
and so think a little bit about you know
what are the feelings or things that
we've talked about that evoke tightness
within your jaw frustration
so what is frustration feel like in your
body
like tightening everything together to
hold everything in yep and so now I want
you guys to think about the experiences
that you all have had which lead to you
being frustrated
try to pick one and remember the way
that you had to tighten up you had to
restrain you had to hold that energy in
you couldn't be loose you couldn't be
relaxed
well as what are you experiencing rating
um I remembered something that was more
physical
okay so remembered something that was
more physical and that I'm just gonna
make a couple of assumptions and we're
gonna talk through that for a moment
okay sometimes when things happen to you
that are physical they create a mental
response and that's where everyone else
can jump in right so you've had certain
things that happen to you that create a
mental response and then that mental
response then triggers your body in
particular ways do you guys see that
chain of mind to body
whether it be whether it's being called
an attention [ __ ] or being told that
you can't send people emojis right with
that moment where you say I'm not going
to use emojis anymore what did you feel
in your body
that moment or someone called you out as
an attention [ __ ] what did you feel
when people started talking [ __ ] about
you behind your back
and I want you to feel those sensations
now and if you feel like sharing them
I'll be quiet for about 30 to 60 seconds
and let you feel and share if you feel
comfortable I feel a little Hollow
images
you
I feel tired I feel so exhausted I just
want to be okay
you
my skin is kind of like crawling and
pipe all of my exterior
my stomach hurts so now I want you to
listen to the other people who are
speaking and notice how you feel about
them
what is it like hearing people feel
hollow and that their skin is crawling
and that their stomach is hurting how do
you feel towards them
you
I want to give them a hug yeah
right and there's some passion and also
I want you to take a moment to try to
acknowledge sadness
towards yourself and what you've been
through
that happened to you that make you feel
this way that you feel exhausted and
Hollow
tired
that things are a chore
you
now what we're gonna try to do is
- how to give yourself a hug
so I want you to have noticed that
physical sensation and find it in your
body and really just notice it try to
take a snapshot and now what I want you
to do is take a deep breath in and push
your stomach out as you breathe in and
then as you breathe out pull your
stomach back in
with an inhalation your stomach expands
and with an exhalation your stomach
contracts
one more time
and now add your chest the stomach
expands the chest expands and then
everything relaxes
breathe in expand and relax
now slowly slowly continue
and notice what's happening to your skin
your stomach
the pit in your stomach the hollowness
in your chest
let it be there and also let it out let
go of it
make it up a little bit
whatever is in there let it come well
don't force it if it wants to stay let
it stay
it deserves to be there
but also as you have compassion for
yourself recognize that you don't have
to hold on to it not that you blame
yourself that you may not be ready to
let it go completely but that you don't
have to hold on to it the way that you
happen
that you couldn't be yourself you
haven't been able to be yourself people
have put expectations on you burdens on
you pressures on you
then if you have the space for it hope a
little bit because we live in a world
where there's at least one discord
server where you can upload a selfie
right and acknowledge that there's a
part of you that's not gonna want to
hope that says that it's not going to be
enough and that this will continue
forever and acknowledge that that part
ain't wrong as y'all started when you
were 12 or 13 and who knows how many
years that's been and that it sounds
like you've been hurt time and again and
so hurt as a space it deserves to be
there with you
and also you can let it go just in a
tiny bit
and now return to your breath
feel the breath go into the parts of
your body that hurt and then let the
breath come out
let yourself relax
yourself process and let yourself let go
you
when you're ready
come back to the group
come back to na'vi and lance and
semestre and Celaya megan and
you
how do y'all feel
was that better
you
anybody not feel better you're allowed
to not feel better
I just feel tired me too
you know it's interesting because we
think about letting go is stopping to
exert energy but letting go is
exhausting
also I don't know what the [ __ ] that was
but people were responding very very
differently hopefully it was helpful
any last thoughts questions or
reflections before we wrap up for the
day do you all need time to process what
we just experienced because we can do
that if you want or we could just
I'm okay thank you for having us
thank you for coming thank you for
having me you're welcome
all right well take care and thank you
thank you for being honest and
compassionate and sharing your point of
view and I hope that you know the world
be a slightly less toxic place because
you all have come on today folks thank
you yes thank you thank you so much
thank you okay
weird huh whoo exactly what's going on
there but seem to be good so
let's think a little bit about yeah
thoughts reflections questions from
y'all thinkin about it would y'all think
it's that helpful a good stream
you
man it easy huh so here dude dudes on
the Internet are so weird I don't
understand them at all
I really don't very confusing yeah
yeah you know so someone's asking
to know just how bad the community is
for so many people makes me want to
tackle the issue head-on but what to do
I mean I'd say that like you can write
so like don't over white knight it so I
thought that was a really important
distinction don't over white knight it
but like if you see someone being an
[ __ ] in a game of yours just be like
hey man like do you have to be an
[ __ ] like not trying to be an [ __ ]
myself but like can you be like you know
if you're having a rough day that's cool
if you're frustrated by the game that's
cool too
if you want to be mad at someone that's
fine but like you have to be so mean can
you be a little bit less me and just
call people out for it right or if
someone is mean to someone else in a
game like be like hey you know like you
can you know so I just think a little
bit about dota so you know sometimes
you know if I'm especially like if I'm
winning a game of dota like at the end
people will be like yeah this guy's
complete trash like this guy on my team
is complete trash and I'm the guy who's
winning the game right so at that point
I'm like hey like the dudes just like
played the best that he could sometimes
we all have bad games like I crushed at
this game but sometimes I'm the trash in
the game can we just like maybe let
people slide because they don't always
have the best game and I think the issue
I don't know if you guys kind of got
this but like the issue is that like
every game there are chances of people
being [ __ ] and so what you can do is
just like not be an [ __ ] or call it
out or try to be nice and one day in
game
and what if like the games that we
played had a chance of having like an
agenda in lis like good and supportive
person in the game
like what if that happened to every game
you guys just think about the games that
you play and how many people tend to be
like understanding and supportive of
each other when they do a bad job very
few but you could be that person and how
many people does it take to turn the
tide I'm not sure but I think that each
and every one of us as gamers has
responsibilities to be like try to be a
decent person when you are having a bad
day or when people are playing a bad
game or even if you're toxic try say I
know this sounds really really bizarre
but over the course of the game maybe
you can apologize maybe you can say hey
guys I'm sorry like I just got super
frustrated and tilted I didn't mean to
take it out on you all it's crazy crazy
just try to be nice to people and
playing video games
okay anyway so on Wednesday we have
kaceytron and then on Friday we have
Michael Reaves you know we really
appreciate all y'all's support and it's
really great that y'all are when the
soda pop in common I don't know man
okay so we're gonna go ahead and Andrade
Anita thank you all for coming